  TerraMA2
  ========

TerraMA2 is a free and open source computational platform for early warning systems.

You can build applications to monitor, analyze and issue early warnings related to air quality, water quality, pipelines, tailings dams for mining, forest fires, landslides and debris-mud flows, floods and droughts.

Through a service-oriented architecture, TerraMA2 can integrates geospatial data from different web services.

It takes advantage of the datasets available on the Internet to have access to real-time geo-environmental data (meteorological, climatic, atmospheric, hydrological, geotechnical and socio-demographic).

Besides that, it provides support for building models to several application domains through scriptable languages.

The computational platform is based on a service-based architecture, which is open and provides the technological infrastructure required to develop and implement operating systems to monitor early warnings of environmental risks.

Instructions
------------

The documents below are in the root directory of TerraMA2 codebase and they explain the details of the codebase:

- BRANCHES-AND-TAGS.: Notes on how to switch to the right branch to work on or the right tag to get the source code.

- BUILD-INSTRUCTIONS: Notes on how to compile and install TerraMA2 for each platform.

- CHANGELOG.........: List of changes in TerraMA2 source code.

- LICENSE...........: Licence statement in plain txt format.

- README............: This file. It contains instructions about how to build and how is organized TerraMA2 plataform source code.


Directories
-----------

build....: Contains the CMake scripts with commands, macros and functions used to build the environment for compiling libraries and executables in different platforms using the CMake tool.

examples.: Some examples on how to use TerraMA2 API and GUI.

licenses.: Copyright notices of third-party libraries used by TerraMA2.

resources: Fonts, images, sql, and xml files among other resources of general use.

share....: XML Schema (.xsd), JSON, translations files and OGC specifications that is shared and installed with TerraMA2.

src......: Contains the source code of TerraMA2 and the source code of automatic tests.


Reporting Bugs
--------------

Any problem should be reported to terrama2-developers@dpi.inpe.br.


For more information on TerraMA2, please, visit its main web page at: http://www.dpi.inpe.br/terrama2.


  August 2015, TerraMA2 Team <terrama2-team@dpi.inpe.br>


